
  Please check your grades for the course and get any missing material
  to me this week.  The labs will count 20% of your course grade.
  
  If your project proposal as listed as "approved" you must revise and
  resubmit it in the proper format this week or you will lose credit on
  your final grade.
  
  There will be no final exam for the course, but we will be meeting
  at the time scheduled for the exam (Dec 17 from 6 to 8pm), when each
  group will give a ten minute presentation/demo of their project to
  the class.
  
  Final projects will be due on December 22.  You are to submit a
  written report divided into the following sections:
  
  Title           Centered at the top of the first page.
  Author names    Centered under the title.
  Introduction    Describe what the project was designed to do.
  Methodology     Describe the development steps you actually followed.
  Results         Describe what the final version of your project
                  actually does.
  Discussion      Describe the project development experience here.  For
                  example, you might tell what problems you had to
                  overcome and how successful you were in overcoming them.
                  And/or you might tell how you would design the project
                  if you were to do it over again.  Also, you should
                  tell whether this project was particularly well-suited
                  for implementing on the RC200 or not.
  Appendix        Well documented code listings.  (See coding guidelines
                  for the course.)

  Do not try to "sell" your project.  A frank discussion that includes
  both its strong and weak points will count much more.


  The project will be graded as follows:
  
    25% Proposal  (Clarity, structure, English usage)
    15% Presentation/demo (Organization, clarity, effectiveness)
    30% Report    (Clarity, structure, content, English usage)
    30% Code      (Clarity, structure, style, documentation,
                  functionality)

  Dr. Vickery
