
  The short news is (1) the grades for Exam 2 are posted, and (2)
  there will be no homework assignment due on Tuesday the 15th.
  (Remember, we will have class on Tuesday because the college will be
  following a Wednesday schedule.)

  Now for the longer info on how I scored the exam and on what
  other information is shown when you check your grades:

  There were 28 questions, the first two of which really weren't
  questions, so there were 26 "real" questions.  So each question
  should have been worth about 3.8 points.  But, as several people
  pointed out, the exam was "tricky."  Not tricky enough to prevent
  three people from getting perfect scores, but it did indeed pose
  unexpected problems for a lot of people.  So I curved it.  And I
  applied a different curve for the three sections, such that each
  section's average score was the same.  For the morning section, each
  question missed counted 1.8 points; for the afternoon section, each
  question missed counted 2.2 points, and for the evening section,
  each question missed counted 2.5 points.  (The morning section had a
  particularly tough time of it because of some typos that made some
  questions impossible to answer correctly for a while.)  So the
  Grades web page has a row called "E2 Raw" that tells you how many
  questions out of 28 you got right and a row named "Exam 2" that was
  calculated by subtracting the number of questions you missed, times
  your section's point count, from 100.

  There are two more rows of information when you check your grades.
  The first is called "Need for C," which shows the minimum grade you
  will need on the final exam to get a grade of C in the course.  The
  college policy for assigning letter grades says 70-72 is C-; 73-76
  is C; 77-79 is C+, etc.  So you need a course grade of 72.5 or
  better to get a C.  But your "Need for C" score is really only an
  approximation.  1% of your course grade will be based on what
  proportion of the homework assignments you submitted.  And there is
  a provision that if your lowest exam score is 10 points or more
  below the lower of the other two scores, its weight will be reduced
  by 0.1 (to 0.23) and the other two exams will have their weights
  raised by 0.05 (to 0.38 each).  Neither of these two factors was
  used accurately in calculating your "Need for C" Grade.

  The last row shows the highest grade you will be able to earn for
  the course, assuming you get 100 on the final exam.  This grade does
  take into account the factor of lowering the weight of one poor
  exam, but still doesn't include all of the maximum of 1 point you
  can get for submitting homework assignments.

  So there you have it, maybe more information than you really wanted
  to know!

  Dr. Vickery
