Here are the answers to the questions that were assigned
from Chapter 1:

  1.  A translator converts a program from one language to
  another.  An interpreter carries out a program instruction
  by instruction.  A virtual machine is a conceptiual
  machine; one that does not exist, but which may be
  simulated.

  2.  An interpreter executes a program by fetching the
  first instruction, carrying it out, then fetching the
  next one, and so on.  A translator first converts the
  original program into an equivalent one in another
  language, and then runs the new program.

  5.  You lose a factor of n at each level, so instruction
  execution times at levels 2, 3, and r are k*n, k*n^2, and
  k*n^3, respectively.

  6.  Each level of interpretation slows down the machine by
  a factor of n/m.  Thus the execution times for levels 2,
  3, and 4 are kn/m, kn^2/m^2, and kn^3/m^3, respectively.

  9.  Machine instructions that access information in
  memory, such as the elements of an array, normally contain
  a binary number specifying an index register number and
  another binary number specifying the memory address of the
  beginning of the array.  The CPU adds the contents of the
  index register and the address field of the instruction
  together to get the address of the element to be accessed.
  Before index registers were invented, programs would add
  numbers directly to the address part of instructions to
  calculate the address of the array element to be accessed.
  Aside from being inefficient (having to update the memory
  containing the instructions takes time), modifying code
  can make programs extremely difficult to write correctly
  and debug when they don't work.

  10.  Raw cycle time is not the only factor.  The number of
  bytes fetched per cycle is also a major factor, which
  insreases with the larger models.  Memory speed and wait
  states play a role, as does the presence of caching.  A
  better I/O architecture causes fewere cycels to be stolen,
  and so on.

  11.  The design of Figure 1-5 does I/O one character at a
  time by explicit program command.  The design of Figure
  1-6 can use DMA to have the controller do all the work,
  relieving the CPU of the burden, and thus making it
  potentially better.

  12. According to Moore's law, next year the same chip will
  have 1.6 times as many transistors (Figure 1-8).  This
  means that the area of each transistor will have to be
  reduced to 1 / 1.6, or 0.625 the area of this year's
  transistors.  Since the are changes with the square of the
  diameter, the diameter of next year's transistors must be
  0.79 microns.

The solutions for the Audio Sampling Exercise are on the
web at:

http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/courses/cs341/Fall00/AudioSamplingSolutions.html

That web page also has links for downloading an interactive
program that I wrote to solve the exercise.

  Dr. Vickery

