
When I sent you the message about the minimization web page,
I forgot to include the URL!  It's

  http://babbage.cs.qc.edu/courses/cs341/Minimize

I've also included a link to it from the class schedule page
under "Exam 2".

As of Friday the 10th at 5:15 PM, I updated Minimize.zip, so
you should pick up a fresh copy if you already have it.  The
changes are (1) to make it work if you give it an expression
with no variables in it, and (2) you now can enter a list of
minterm numbers on the command line instead of typing out
the whole expression as a string.  For example:

  java -cp Minimize.zip Minimize 1 2 4 5 6 7

is the same as

  java -cp Minimize.zip Minimize "a+b^c"

I've also changed some of the output messages, hopefully
making it more clear.

Again, please let me know what bugs you find when you run
it.

Watch your email.  I plan to put up a list of study topics
for the exam sometime this weekend, and I'll send out an
announcement when I do.

The solutions to Homework 6 are below.
Dr. Vickery


  19. The NAND latch is wired the same way as the NOR latch, but the
  "Storing state" is when both inputs are 1, and the set/reset
  operations are performed by making the corresponding input go to zero
  instead of to one.

  20. Use the same circuit, but replace the AND gate in the pulse
  generator with a NOR gate.  The only time both inputs will be false
  is just after the falling edge.

  22. The design uses two AND gates for chip enable logic plus two AND
  gates per word select line plus one AND gate per data bit.  For a
  256x8 memory this comes to 2 + 512 + 2048 = 2562 AND gates.  The
  circuit also uses one OR gate for each bit in the word, so eight of
  them would be needed.

  23. The pins can be multiplexed in time.  For example, with n/2 pins,
  half the address bits are presented in one cycle, and the other half
  on a succeeding cycle.  Many dynamic RAMs work this way.  Even more
  extreme would be to feed the address serially into the chip one bit at
  a time using a single pin.  Of course both these schemes require
  storage elements on the chip to hold the entire address, and both
  require extra time compared to schemes that transfer the entire
  address to the chip in one step.

  24. A 32-bit wide data bus means that 32 chips must be used in
  parallel, each chip providing 1 bit.  Thus the smallest memory
  consists of 32 chips, which is 32 megabits, or 4 Megabytes.

