
  Prof. Seley in the Urban Studies department is looking for a student
  to help on a project for the Fire Department.  Description of the
  project follows.  You can contact him directly if you are
  interested;  his email address is JohnSeley@aol.com.

  The final course grades are posted.  (There was a preliminary
  version available for a while; what's there now is the final
  version.)  Grades on the final exam were about the same as for the
  second exam after the curve.  That includes counting the first
  question in the scores, building in a small curve.  Also, there was
  no correct answer to one of the questions for about half the class
  so I reduced the number of questions from 35 to 34 for the people
  affected.   My apologies for messing up on that.  Finally, the top
  score on the exam was 97, and I applied a 3 point curve to
  everyone's score, which brought the top score to 100. Final
  statistics for the course are as follows:

    29 people registered for the course.  Three dropped, and two
    stopped attending the course.  For the other 24 people, there were
    6 A's, 6 B's, 7 C's, 1 D, and 4 F's.  This is not a terribly good
    completion rate in my mind, but several of you did very well and
    deserve congratulations on jobs well done.

  Best wishes for a good summer to all.  That Fire Department project
  description follows.

  Dr. Vickery

---------------------------------------------------------------------

    "They need someone to help create an Access database of equipment
    available for fire and other emergencies.  It will be used by the
    dispatchers and over their Intranet system.  It will need to be
    simple to use with a couple of drop-down menus to select the type
    of equipment and where it is located (which particular engine or
    truck, for instance).  Needless to say, they don't have money for
    this, but it is a very worthwhile project!"

  Those of you who attended the talk by Mr. Artzt of Computer
  Associates earlier this semester will recognize this as a chance to
  gain some all-important experience that's so helpful in getting
  yourself ready for your first "real" job.  Also, I asked Prof.
  Seley whether using MS Access is strictly required for the project
  or if perhaps an open source environment using MySQL and Apache
  would be acceptable.  His reply was, "Actually, they could probably
  use the other software.  The Chief who is running this is not
  particularly computer literate and he thinks that Access is what he
  wants."

  Feel free to pass this project information on to anyone else you
  know who might be interested.

