
  As you know, my state machine example got "out of hand," and that
  part of the syllabus really hasn't been handled properly yet.  I've
  finished implementing my version of the Timer for Assignment 3,
  and will be posting it to the web shortly, but it's much too
  complicated for me to expect everyone to master it in time for
  Monday's exam.

  So, Maonday's exam will include knowledge of what state tables and
  state diagrams are, but you won't be expected to design anything
  nearly as complicated as the Timer assignment on the exam.

  Sample exam questions:

    1.  Draw a state diagram for a New York City traffic light
    controller for a normal 4-way intersection.  East-West traffic
    sees green, yellow, and red lights in that sequence.  North-south
    traffic also sees green, yellow, and red lights in that sequence.
    But North-south traffic sees red when east-west sees either green
    or yellow, and sees green only when east-west sees red, and
    similarly for what east-west sees.

    2.  What would be an appropriate clock speed for this controller?

  Answers:

    1.  A correct answer would be 4.  We could use state names like
    GR, YR, RG, and RY, meaning that in the first state North-South
    sees Green while East-West sees Red, etc.

    2.  Traffic lights change state about every 30 sec (30") so a
    clock with a 30" second period would be suitable.

    But if you ever observed a real light, you would know that there
    are two more states in which both East-West and North-South see
    red lights for a second or so, so there are two more states in a
    real light, for a total of six: GR, YR, RR1, RG, RY, and RR2.  RR1
    and RR2 are two different states, but they have the same outputs.
    The problem with this answer is that a 30" clock period doesn't
    work any more because the two RRx states last only 1" while the
    other four last 30".  (And actually, the YR and RY states are
    shorter than the GR and RG states.)  Which leads once again, like
    the timer exercise, to a much more complicated answer than we
    really want to deal with.  Sigh.

  I estimate that state machine design will count only about 10% of
  this exam.  We've covered plenty of other material so far this
  semester ... and you'll get to practice state machines more after
  the exam.

  Good luck on the exam, and don't forget that the Blackboard
  Discussion Board is available if you want to post questions and help
  each other study for the exam.

  Dr. Vickery

