
  The following is an announcement from the CUNY Institute
  for Software Design and Development (CISDD) that you might
  be interested in.

  Dr. Vickery

------------------------------------------------------------------

IBM, in conjunction with CISDD, will be offering an Advanced
Linux training course June 27-29, 2006. This course is open
to CUNY students with at least one year of school remaining.
(Graduates are not eligible).  After training, students may
be hired as paid interns by CISDD. Training is for those
students who are interested in and committed to
internships.

 
Applicants must meet the following prerequisites in order to
qualify for the Advanced Linux course:

ADVANCED LINUX

June 27-29, 2006 / 8:30am-5:30pm

         Familiarity with RAID, LVM in Linux

         Familiarity with Linux installation process

         Familiarity with popular software packages in Linux

         Familiarity with installation and configuration of most popular
          server software packages

         Familiarity with securing Linux with built-in tools and other
          open source tool kits

         Familiarity with monitoring and tuning Linux for better
          performance

         Familiarity with network configuration for Linux

         Having Linux certifications such as LPI, Linux+, RHCE, RHCT,
          NCLP is a plus

 

For students who do not meet the above pre-requisites, we will be
offering two levels of preparatory training. Qualified students can
exempt out of one or both courses. Prerequisites for the preparatory
training courses are as follows:

INTRO TO LINUX

June 5-9, 2006 / 9:00am-5:00pm

         Familiarity with computer components and concepts

         Familiarity with network concepts and Internet

         Familiarity with file system in any operating systems

         Familiarity with any text editor

         Knowledge of Java, C, and C++ is a plus

         Knowledge of TCP/IP is a plus

 

INTERMEDIATE LINUX

June 19-23, 2006 / 9:00am-5:00pm

         Students who have used Linux as major desktop operating system
          for more than 1 year

         Understanding of the history and community of Linux and Open
          Source

         Understanding of the file system, kernel, X-Window, GNONE/KDE
          desktop manager

         Familiarity with most popular commands and utility software in
          Linux

         Knowledge of Apache, MySQL, PostgreSQL, SAMBA, BIND, NIS, NFS
          and SENDMAIL services

         Knowledge of Java, C, and C++ is a plus

         Understanding of computer architecture

 

To apply:

To apply, please send your resume, including phone number
and email address to Sheila Refael at
sheila.refael@mail.cuny.edu. Please put "Linux
Training" in the subject line of the email. Resumes
will be reviewed, and qualified students will then be
scheduled to come in for an interview. Students will then be
informed of acceptance into the program, and which class
they will begin with. You will only be contacted if your
resume is selected for follow-up. NO PHONE CALLS.

 



    [ Part 2, Application/OCTET-STREAM (Name: "FREE Linux Training Flyer ]
    [ - 05-10-06.doc")  129KB. ]
    [ Unable to print this part. ]

