
  This is the first message I've sent to the mailing list for CS-343 this
  semester, so let me know if you do not receive it!

  The first piece of business is that the Quartus license server is now
  maple instead of oak. To use it, you need to "specify a valid license
  file," and change the location from @oak.cs.qc.edu (or 27000@oak.cs.qc.edu)
  to @maple.cs.qc.edu. Let me know if you have any problems with the new
  setup.

  I just put up web pages for Assigments 3 and 4. Assignment 3 is to be
  done on paper and handed in in class rather than be submitted by email.
  The due date is still Thursday the 11th, but because I am making the
  on-paper requirement known so late, I will accept it on Tuesday the 16th
  for full credit. The optional assignment (4) is also due next Tuesday, the
  16th.

  Also, there is an online bulleting board for the course that you can use
  for discussing assignments, exams, etc. with other people in the course.
  I will answer any questions I see posted there, but your should feel free
  to answer questions for fellow students whenever you can.

  There is a link to the bulletin board from the Administrivia section of the
  course schedule. When you follow the link, you will be prompted to enter a
  user name and password. The user name is "vickery-student" and the password
  is "Forum". Once you get through that hurdle, you will be able to read
  the messages that have been posted, but you will have to register with the
  system in order to be able to post your own questions or to reply to other
  people's questions. Click on the ::Register:: link in the top-left part of
  the page and follow the instructions.

  There is an archive of past exams for the course which you can
  access from another new link in the Administrivia section of the course
  schedule. Again, you will be prompted for a user name and passwork. The
  user name is "vickery-student" again, but this time the password is "de1".
  I haven't put last semester's exams up yet, but I will.

  Finally, I have set the date for your first midterm exam for Thursday
  the 18th. I'm not sure how we will fit a second midterm in this semester,
  since the term is already half finished.

  Dr. Vickery
