
Richard Luong:

  This is your grading report for Laboratory I.

  Dr. Vickery


  4.5/5.0 How well did your report adhere to the Laboratory Report
  Guidelines for the course?

    Use Heading 1 style for the title, and Heading 2 style for the
    section headings.
    
    The Introduction starts with a run-on sentence.  Commas to separate
    list elements might fix it, but it would be better to use simple
    declarative sentences.
    
    No need to include actual code in the Method section.  Just describe
    algorithms implemented or, in this case, modified.
    
    Results:  Everything worked "according" to plan, not "accordingly." 
    The display was on seven segment displays, not LEDs. "... if neither
    switch was pushed ...".  (Think of neither as being followed by
    "one" and thus calling for the singular form of the object.)
    
    Discussion: Either "All modifications..." or "Every modification..."

    Your "Appendices" lists the Pal Reference Manual.  That would be a
    Reference, not an appendix.  And as a reference, it's not formatted
    properly: you need to give the publication info so a reader could
    obtain a copy.  But we aren't including references of this sort in
    our reports.  Rather, number and name each appendix.  For example,
    there is just one appendix for this report, and it might be called
    "Appendix I: Modified SevenSeg.hcc".  Use Heading 2 style for
    appendix titles; start each appendix on a new page.
    
    The table of contents you put in should be omitted.  You only need
    on if you have several appendices (code files) and thus need to tell
    the reader where each one begins.
 
  4.5/5.0 How well did your code adhere to the Coding Guidelines for the
  course?

    Use a monospaced font for the code listing.
    Eliminate all tabs from code files in order to get proper
    indentation.
    
    Put the file name in a comment at the beginning of each source file.
    
    Put your name in a comment near the beginning of the file.  In this
    case, you should indicate the nature of the modifications you made
    to the existing file.

  9.0/10.0  Your grade for the assignment.
