
  This is your grading report for Laboratory III.

  Dr. Vickery


  4.5/5.0 How well did your report adhere to the Laboratory Report
  Guidelines for the course?

    Remember to use your word processor's styles for the title and
    headings.

    Put everything in the past tense.  This is a report of what you did.
    In the Introduction, "... I connected a servomotor ...".  Also you
    failed to mention 2/3 of what you did in the introduction.

    Here's a rewrite of the first sentence of your Method section:
    
    Original:
      Before I can do the core part of the lab, I need to follow the
      Waveform Analyzer Example described in the Waveform Analyzer
      Manual, so that I will be familiar with

    Revised:
      Before I could do the core part of the lab, I needed to follow
      the Waveform Analyzer Example described in the Waveform Analyzer
      Manual so that I would be familiar with ...

    Citing programs like references ( "[1]" ) is a good idea, but not
    really clear.  That notation is used to refer to external documents.
    Better is to say something like, "The example [Appendix A] outputs a
    3-bit unsigned ..."

    There continue to be problems with your English usage.  You need to
    pay attention to your grammar.

    The Results section is too skimpy.  Give a brief summary of what
    actually happened.  Even though you are just saying the project did
    everything it was supposed to, write it out, from simulation to
    using the oscilloscope, to controlling the motor.

    The last section heading should be "Appendices" because there
    (should be) more than one.

    Note the new report guidelines, which call for each code listing to
    start on a new page and for you to include workspace and project
    files in the future.

  4.5/5.0 How well did your code adhere to the Coding Guidelines for the
  course?

    Include your name, affiliation, and when the code was written in the
    comment block at the beginning of each file.
    
    Get the tab characters out of your code!  You were shown how to set
    DK up to do this in the first lab ... you might want to look back at
    it.

    Use a switch statement to handle the four combinations of two switch
    settings rather than nested if-elses ... it's clearer and less
    error-prone.

  9.0/10.0  Your grade for the assignment.
