
  This is your grading report for Laboratory III.

  Dr. Vickery


  4.5/5.0 How well did your report adhere to the Laboratory Report
  Guidelines for the course?

    Use "Heading 2" for the headings and use "Heading 1" just for the
    title.

    There is a mix of fonts and font sizes in the bodies of your
    paragraphs.  Paragraph bodies should all be uniformly formatted,
    such as Times New Roman 12 point.

    In the introduction, you talk about "0 or 1 pulses," and I really
    don't know what you mean.  A pulse is a transition from 0 to 1 to 0.
        
    The Method section doesn't tell all the things you did, such as
    doing the Waveform Analyzer example, Generating 1 msec pulses, using
    the oscilloscope, etc.  This section should document everything you
    did and should include references to the code you wrote for each
    step.  (Reference the code listings in the appendices.)

    Use past tense for everything.  The report tells what you did in the
    past.  Use active voice rather than passive:  "I used the
    oscilloscope ..." rather than "An oscilloscope was used ...".
    
    I suggest you make a brief outline giving the logical structure of
    your report before you actually write it out.  The logical sequence
    of the laboratory got lost in your report.

    Note the new report guidelines, which call for each code listing to
    start on a new page and for you to include workspace and project
    files in the future.

  4.0/5.0 How well did your code adhere to the Coding Guidelines for the
  course?

    Code is not commented!
    Code is full of tabs!

    "motor_pin++" does indeed toggle a 1-bit varible, but it's makes the
    code unclear, and leads to the possibility that things could get out
    of sync.  Better is to assign values of 0 or 1 in the appropriate
    places.
    
    Delaying for the complement of the 20 msec interval in order to
    generate your pulses is not wise.  With this technique, the receiver
    will finish generating a pulse exactly at the same time as the
    sender finishes its 20 msec delay.  Since sender and receiver
    synchronize at this point, there is a real possibility that the
    receiver will be one clock tick late finishing its pulse and the
    sender's 20 msec period will gradually drift over time.  Better
    would have been for the receiver to immediately start a pulse, wait
    the relatively short interval of one pulse width, and then to wait
    however long it takes when it tries to receive the next signal from
    the sender.

  8.5/10.0  Your grade for the assignment.
